---
layout: default
created: "2005-12-28 11:14:00 -0600"
title: "Christmas!"
date: "2005-12-28 11:14:00 -0600"
---


Went home for the holiday.  Everyone made it home this year, which was a
lot of fun.  We did many of our standard traditions.  Which included me
making a <a href="yellowsnow.html"> dog defiled
snowman</a>.  Then my little brother got a hold of the frosting syringe.
 Which now contained only the leftovers of colors mixed, and the dog got
to defile some cookies with its other orifice. Its good in some way I
guess to see that no matter how old we get, we're still little boys at
heart.

Everyone spent a great deal of time chasing <a
href="willandi.html">Will</a>, who in turn seemed to love
it.  He is *almost* walking, but not quite.  This made the push-wagon
gift he received well liked.  Since this was the first gift given, we
enlisted him and his wagon to deliver most of the remaining gifts.  It
was very cute.

eeeeeeee!  I got a food processor for Christmas, I'm throughly jazzed
about it.  I've used it so far just to make bread.  Much nicer than
doing the initial mixing part by hand.  However according to the manual,
I can only make dough with up to five cups of flour; my usual bread
recipe has seven.  And after putting five cups and all of the other
ingredients in, I can see they are accurate, no room for the next two
cups.  I'll have to figure something out though, the loaves are clearly
smaller and won't last as long.  I think I might just mix the dough in
two batches, and merge them when kneading.  We'll see.


